1. There are 4 types od Databases:
	1. Hierarchical
	2. Network
	3. Relational
	4. Object-oriented

2. Main functions by RDBMS:
	1. Creating, altering and deleting tables and relationships between them
	2. Adding, changing, deleting, searching and retrieving of data in the tables

3. Definition of "table" in database term is:
	Database tables consist of data, arranged in rows and columns. All rows have the
	same structure. Columns have name and type (number, string, etc.). The schema of
	a table is an ordered sequence of column specifications (name and type).

4. The difference between a primary and a foreign key is:
	Primary key is a column of the table that uniquely identifies its rows 
	(usually its is a number).
	The foreign key is an identifier of a record located in another table 
	(usually its primary key).

5. The differences of relationships between tables in relational databases are:
	1. Relationship one-to-many or many-to-one
	2. Relationship many-to-many
	3. Relationship one-to-one

6. When is a certain database schema normalized? What are the advantages of normalized databases?
	1. Normalized relational schema is without repeating data.
	2. Advantages are easer menagment of the stored data.

7. What are database integrity constraints and when are they used?
	1. Primary key constraint: 
		Ensures that the primary key of a table has unique value for each table row
	2. Unique key constraint:
		Ensures that all values in a certain column (or a group of columns) are unique
	3. Foreign key constraint:
		Ensures that the value in given column is a key from another table
	4. Check constraint:
		Ensures that values in a certain column meet some predefined condition

8. Point out the pros and cons of using indexes in a database?
	Pros: Searching is blazing fast (log) and can be clustered or non-clustered.
	Cons: Adding and deleting is slower!

9. What's the main purpose of the SQL language?
	Creating, altering, deleting tables and other objects in the database
	Searching, retrieving, inserting, modifying and deleting table data (rows)

10. What are transactions used for?
	The best example is the bank transfer: Person A pay person B an amont of money.
	First step is witdrawal trom account A. Second step is deposit in account B.
	If some step is cancelled neighter witdrawal or deposit happens.

11. What is a NoSQL database?
	NoSQL is document-based model, but support CRUD operations (create, read, update, delete),
	indexing and querying and concurrency  and transactions. Very optimized for append/retrive,
	with great performance and scalability.

12. Explain the classical non-relational data models.
	Data stored as documents. Single entity (document) is a single record. Documents do not have
	a fixed structure. 

13. Give few examples of NoSQL databases and their pros and cons.
	Example: "Name: Svetlin Nakov, Gender: male, Phone: +359333777555, Address: - Street: Al. Malinov 31
		- Post Code: 1729 - Town: Sofia - Country: Bulgaria, Email: nakov@abv.bg, Site: www.nakov.com"
	Pros: Everything is in one place. Can be quick to delete or add.
	Cons: Searching for that one document can be very slow.